NL
Hello - @Carrier, ROC team do not update and mark the VRIDs as 'Not Late'. 

Please open a new case with the creation reason 'Delay LTR Proof'. Anytime you need this kind of support you need to create a case with this reason. 
Closing case

Tr
Please be informed that case is being transferred to dedicated team for better support.

d2d
Hello All - VRID has been updated to Detached Trailer with 1h loading time, new SAT is
@Carrier, you may need to accept the change on relay.
Closing case.

MD
Hello All - @Carrier, Site is reporting that they require drop trailers 24hrs in advance for preloading. If drop is not provided 12 hours in advance, we will change this VRID to Detached Trailer.
Can you inform when you will provide drop-trailer(s)?

CSB
Hello All - @Carrier, Please see below and feedback request.

FCSB
Hello All - @FC, Please be advised on below.
Closing case.

48h
Hello - For requests >48hrs or relating to future scheduling, please raise a SIM with Post-Scheduling team or write an e-mail directly to meu-roc-ob-postscheduling@amazon.de (or related regional e-mail). Thank you - Closing case.

creject
Hello - @Carrier, If you are not able to cover this VRID at the scheduled time please reject the load directly on Relay.
Closing Case.

Dupe
Hello All - Please note that this case is duplicated from Case ID XXX. We will close this case, but please refer to Case ID XXX because that is where we will provide you with support and keep the correspondence going. Please abstain from creating multiple cases regarding the issue because this creates opportunities for miscommunication for all stakeholders involved. 
Closing Case.

Thank you for your understanding,

Dtep
Hello All - @FC, Please be advised as per the 'EU Drop Trailer Expansion Plan' you are now equipped to accommodate ATS Trailers, allow the driver to drop the trailer and depart them from site.

@Carrier, Please proceed to drop trailer at site.

acmr
Hello All - Please see attached CMR.
Closing case.

Nus
Hello All - @Carrier, Can you accommodate new unloading slot @

nusc
Hello All - @Carrier, Thank you for the update - unloading slot has been updated, you may need to accept the change on relay.
Closing Case.

nusr
Hello All - @FC, Please see below and are you able to provide another unloading slot?

wip
Hello All - Please be advised ROC is currently working on your case and will get back to you as soon as possible.
